---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zpa_application_segment Resource - terraform-provider-zpa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zpa_application_segment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name of the application.

### Optional

- **bypass_type** (String) Indicates whether users can bypass ZPA to access applications.
- **config_space** (String)
- **description** (String) Description of the application.
- **domain_names** (List of String) List of domains and IPs.
- **double_encrypt** (Boolean) Whether Double Encryption is enabled or disabled for the app.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether this application is enabled or not.
- **health_reporting** (String) Whether health reporting for the app is Continuous or On Access. Supported values: NONE, ON_ACCESS, CONTINUOUS.
- **icmp_access_type** (String)
- **ip_anchored** (Boolean)
- **is_cname_enabled** (Boolean) Indicates if the Zscaler Client Connector (formerly Zscaler App or Z App) receives CNAME DNS records from the connectors.
- **log_features** (String)
- **passive_health_enabled** (Boolean)
- **segment_group_id** (Number)
- **segment_group_name** (String)
- **server_groups** (Block List) ID of the server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_groups))
- **tcp_port_ranges** (List of Number) TCP port ranges used to access the app.
- **udp_port_ranges** (List of Number) UDP port ranges used to access the app.

### Read-Only

- **creation_time** (Number)
- **health_check_type** (String)
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **modified_time** (Number)
- **modifiedby** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_groups`

Optional:

- **id** (Number) The ID of this resource.


